seven billion people live on earth today
that's set to grow to nine billion with
three billion more swelling the middle
classes over half of us live and work in
cities at the end of the day for
communities and industry it's not just
about preserving the planet the world is
still developing putting pressure on
natural economic and human resources
people want progress better living
standards and the goods they need to
achieve just that for us this means
being more inventive more responsible
and more efficient
today water waste and energy can all be
recovered transforming what is discarded
by some into valuable resources for
others thanks to technology and eco
design resources can be used for a
variety of purposes
be more attentive and more responsible
and taking better care of the planet and
the people who live on it this is our
new way forward this is how we intend to
make our mark and contribute to the
greater good
water and waste can generate heat called
steam energy bioplastics biofertilizers
and biofuels in turn these new materials
can be recycled reprocessed and reused
again and again taking the world forward
improving people's lives
developing access to resources
preserving resources replenishing
resources Veolia is resourcing the world
you